hello and welcome back to learn English
with
Minecraft this is a series where I teach
English while trying to beat
Minecraft my name is Kenzo and this is
English from the ground
up so in the last video I went to to the
nether where I found lots of interesting
things including nether
quartz well in this video I'm going to
build something using the nether quartz
that I
found but let's see it's night time
right now so first I'm going to sleep
downstairs bed bed
sleep all right it's
daytime so today I'm going to build an
automatic bamboo and sugar cane farm so
a farm that automatically harvests
bamboo and sugar
cane and to build this Farm I'm going to
use
Redstone ins inside this chest this
chest is everything that I will need to
build my farm let's
see inside the chest is
wood
Cobblestone Redstone
Dust some
water nether
quartz more Cobble deep slate and some
iron
ingots so first I'm going to pick up all
of these
items all right and now I'm going to
show you where I will build this
Farm
outside right
there eat some
potatoes and
jump swim swim
swim all right here we are this is where
I'm going to build my sugarcane and
bamboo
Farm it's next to the river right here
and across the river is the barn that
I've started
building look at
this I've made some progress ress on the
barn I've got pigs and chickens inside
my barn
now
and I've finished building this side of
the roof
mhm this side of the roof is
finished
but this side isn't
finished I'm still working on this
side okay back to the farm so the first
thing that I'm going to do is dig up
this dirt and I'm going to use my new
diamond
shovel diamond shovels dig dirt really
fast okay and I'll replace that dirt
with cobblestone
so there are 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 nine
Cobblestone blocks right
here so now I'm going to place a bucket
of
water so I'm going to place some water
right
here now the water is
Flowing all the way to the end right
here and I'm going to break this
Cobblestone
block there we
go so now the water flows
perfectly to the end right here so now
I'm going to plant some bamboo on all
these blocks right
here um but I don't have any
bamboo that should be plenty of
bamboo okay
Bamboo now I'm going to plant bamboo on
all these
blocks
cool all right it's night time so it's
time to go to
sleep sleep
all right morning for the next step I'm
going to need to build some special
blocks out of
redstone I'm going to need to build
pistons and
observers so first I'll build the
Pistons p i s t o n piston so to build
one
piston one piston I need one two three
wood one two 3 4
Cobblestone one iron ingot and one
Redstone
Dust I'm going to need to build a bunch
of these
Pistons all right I
built 24
pistons and I'm also going to need
observers o b s e r v e r
Observer so one
Observer requires 1 2 3 4 5 six
Cobblestone one two two redstone dust
and one nether quartz
The Observers are what I needed the
nether quartz for and I'm also going to
need a bunch of these
observers all right I built 25
observers cool let's get back to work
all right so on top of these Cobblestone
blocks I'm going to place Pistons
Pistons one
two 3 4 5 6 7 eight
Pistons eight Pistons I'm actually going
to break this bamboo for
now just so it's a little bit easier to
build okay now on top of these Pistons
I'm going to place The
Observers
observers 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 eight
observers so Pistons
observers and now the final step is to
connect all of these
observers with redstone
dust like
this this Redstone Dust is kind of like
wiring it connects all of these
observers together mhm all right so now
I'll replace all of the
bamboo like
this when the bamboo grows tall enough
to reach The
Observers up
there they will activate the Pistons
which will break the bamboo I'm going to
watch the machine for a little
while to see if it works or if it
doesn't
[Music]
work and I wait
I guess I could use bone
[Music]
meal the bamboo grew a little
bit and I
wait it's getting
dark
pretty soon it'll be
nighttime oh the bamboo is
growing it
works so the Pistons pushed the bamboo
breaking the bamboo and then the bamboo
drops into the water and the water
pushes the
bamboo down here look it's the
bamboo all
right it
works time to go to
sleep
morning and
jump all right
uh-oh there's a skeleton right there
whoa
okay
die and More
Zombies they're burning in the
daylight hey no go away go away
spider all right well I'm going to
continue building this
Farm I'm going to expand it
upward
skeleton
creeper that creeper almost
exploded come on creeper come on come on
in the
water get in the water in the water
okay okay few one thing that I want to
build right now is a stone
cutter I wonder how you build a stone
cutter s t o n e c u tt e r stone
cutter one two three stone and one iron
Ingot easy so to get stone I will need
to bake
cobblestone in a
furnace
iron glass okay
Cobblestone so when this Cobblestone
smelts it'll turn into
stone I need three stone
one
two three three stone all
right one two three three stone and one
iron makes a stone
cutter and I guess I'll place the stone
cutter right here Place stone cutter do
you see the saw on top the saw blade
so using the stone cutter I can use
Cobble deep
slate to build all of these different
kinds of
blocks I think for the farm I'm going to
build some of these tile
blocks I built a bunch of deep slate
tiles all right let's go back to the
farm I'll replace this with deep slate
deep
slate deep
slate okay I replaced some of the
Cobblestone with deep slate mhm and I'm
going to continue building this Farm
upwards upwards here in the front where
the bamboo is I want to be able to see
inside so right here I'm going to build
using glass
glass like
this glass glass glass
glass this is going to take a lot of
glass uhoh I ran out of
cobblestone so I need to go back
home uh-oh an
Enderman
die oh oh-oh uhoh
uhoh oh that was close that was really
close
potatoes
oo up the water
elevator and back home sleep so I need
to pick up some more
Cobblestone
[Music]
Cobblestone I have lots of
stone okay I'm going to continue placing
Cobblestone Cobble
[Music]
Cobblestone
Cobblestone the machine is
working deep slate so now it's time for
another
level so I'm going to place dirt right
here dirt dirt dirt dirt dirt
dirt I ran out of
dirt all right and I collected a bunch
of
dirt there we go and
[Music]
Cobblestone uh-oh
skeleton die die die deep
slate all right I placed a layer of deep
slate tiles right
here and it's time to build with more
glass
uhoh I need more
glass and I'm going to replace all of
these deep slate tile blocks with
[Music]
glass
glass I like being able to see the water
inside one two
there we go
glass all right cool
glass all
right now we're ready for
another bucket of
water
jump
water and I'm going to place the water
right
here and once again it's flowing
all the way to the end all right and
I'll Place some Cobblestone right
here
Cobblestone okay and on this second
level I'm going to plant some sugar
cane
so let's go pick up some sugar cane
sugar
cane
um I'll throw away some
string oo I need to
eat I'll eat some
bread all right and once again I'll
Place pistons on top of these
Cobblestone blocks 1 2 3 4 5 6 7
Cobblestone and
on top of those Pistons I'll Place
observers
observers 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 now I'll Place
some Cobblestone right here
Cobblestone and I'll connect all of
these observers using redstone
all
right and that's pretty much
finished the last thing that I need to
do is plant the sugar
cane sugar
cane
cool all right it's night time time to
go back to
sleep
morning that is what my farm looks like
so far I'm going to finish building the
second
level this is the first level and that
is the second
level deep slate deep slate
Cobblestone and
glass
oh it began ter
rain it's
raining and now on top of this glass I'm
going to place another
layer of deep slate
tiles ooh I hear
more Thunder
whoa and I saw lightning
wow that was the first time that I've
seen lightning in this
game die die
die
Oh I thought that the lightning had lit
my barn on
fire I should probably go to
sleep to stop whoa more
lightning that one was close to my
enchantment
room
okay I'm going to sleep so that this
lightning storm
stops all right
morning and the rain has
stopped
[Music]
thanks
creeper I really hate
creepers
glass
all right so that is what my
automatic bamboo and sugar cane Farm
looks like so
far I'm going to continue building this
Farm
upwards
upwards but I'm going to do that off
camera because I'm just going to be
doing the same thing over and over again
so check out my next video to see what
this Farm will look like when it's
finished thank you so much for watching
if you liked this video you could click
the like button or subscribe to my
channel and as always I will see you in
the next video see
you
[Music]